rbac: add user-facing docs (#49472)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/admin/config/batch_changes.md

> [Batch Changes](../../batch_changes/index.md) is generally configured through the same [site configuration](site_config.md) and [code host configuration](../external_service/index.md) as the rest of Sourcegraph. However, Batch Changes features may require specific configuration, and those are documented here.

Reviewer: I cannot click on the first line for some reason, but it might make sense to change the heading to only say `Batch changes`. Let's say we assume the reader of the docs know where they are, since we also show the current path in the docs in a breadcrumb on top :)

> ## User access and permissions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Access control
```

> Batch Changes is [RBAC-enabled](../../admin/access_control/index.md) <span class="badge badge-beta">Beta</span>. By default, all users have full read and write access for Batch Changes, but this can be restricted by changing the default role permissions, or by creating new custom roles.

Reviewer: Let's also say from which version this is available:
```suggestion

<span class="badge badge-note">Sourcegraph 5.0+</span>

Batch Changes is [RBAC-enabled](../../admin/access_control/index.md) <span class="badge badge-beta">Beta</span>. By default, all users have full read and write access for Batch Changes, but this can be restricted by changing the default role permissions, or by creating custom roles.
```
